most people know at least a little
something about when Stefani but is it
possible that there is someone out there
a fan who knows more about Gwen than
Gwen herself we're about to find out as
we play who knows Gwen's so funny our
first contestant is a three-time Grammy
award-winning singer songwriter
television star and fashion designer
please welcome Glenn Stefani
[Applause]
[Music]
very fast yeah I am basically Dory and I
don't remember anything that happened to
me for sure gonna win but when I will
see don't give up just yet how well do
you know Ben Stefani I used to know me
it sounds like you've written a new song
alright Lana you're ready to meet a fan
who believe she knows more about you
alright please say hello to your
obsessed opponent she is a social worker
from here in Los Angeles where's your
name on her driver's license please
welcome Diana Zuri and give us a little
bit of him from background on your love
for Gwen perhaps your obsession many
years but since I was 15 she just
inspired me to just be Who I am and she
was just herself and how many shows have
you been to ooh over 100 and I kept my
gosh over a hundred shows TV shows like
concerts just everything Wow have you
ever had a restraining order fire no all
right well here's how the game works
I'll ask a series of questions about
once the funny if you know the answer
buzz in if you get it right you get 10
points if you incorrect your opponent
will have a chance to steal whoever is
the highest score at the end of the
round I don't see not just the valuable
prize but a valuable prized possession
Dickey tell us what our contestants are
playing for tonight if Diane wins she
will walk away with Wednesday fine his
purse sunglasses and a dress from her
actual class
and if wet wins she will take possession
of guy ants no doubt vanity license
plate Oh
that would be dangerous I put that on it
would be heartbreaking for Guyenne Diane
are you ready I'm ready
when are you ready I am ready this is ba
na na s it's time to play who knows gwen
stefani here we go
our first question is of the personal
variety last month
Gwen's aunt Donna had a milestone
birthday
how old is aunt Donna
[Applause]
[Music]
you know the answer I thought it was 92
did you know that 192 Wow
she's gonna be really happy there next
question where was Gwen's first paying
job Dairy Queen Dairy Queen is a no is
it wrong yeah I was actually an
instructor and a lifeguard oh really
[Music]
[Applause]
the game is tied
what was the first album whenever
purchased Diane
a Madonna album when purchased I mean I
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
what is the name of the first song
whenever wrote different people that is
absolutely
I noticed there's a hug between you no
matter what that song was the first song
I wrote and they actually ended up on
President Obama's playlist really crazy
is that because you know that guy today
we all are we really are next question
who did Gwen play in the 2004 movie the
8th that's right when got to meet sting
at a young age because her dad worked
for what company that is right he was
just racing by on a motorcycle huh
I just think that me and Blake were
always meant to be together cuz look I
have a little Shawn like a little bullet
maybe that is true well you definitely
weren't meant to be with sting or else
what would have happened right there
Diane you were in the lead next question
what's the name of the camp
Gwen went to in seventh grade Camp Foxx
that's right what were you pounding then
what were you gonna say I was gonna
guess you're just gonna go alright this
game forty two thirty one more question
just for the hell of it what print song
features Gwen what print song features
Gwen
[Applause]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape